                    Possible NEW FEATURES

Eliminate the need for Ftp/skin.conf and Rsync/skin.conf.  More generally,
do not require a skin.conf file for each report.  In the case of Ftp and Rsync
one can simply put the generator_list in weewx.conf as part of the report
definition.  A report with no skin.conf should run with sane defaults.
Templates should also be "drop in." If they appear in the directory, they
get used.
                    
The weewx service would support dependencies or, at least, be grouped into
like services. This would make it easier to install new services by
3rd parties.

RESTful services should become 1st class weewx services. This would make it
easy to implement something like the Rapidfire protocol.

Offer tags to support JSON. In particular, vectors. A tag like
$day.outTemp.vector would offer a vector of temperatures for the day.
Aggregation would be nice.

Allow statistics to be extracted from the archive database, as well as the
stats database. This would allow hourly statistics. Taken to the extreme, it
could also allow the elimination of the stats database if the performance is
acceptable.

Allow new derived types to be created by the user. Right now, things like
heating and cooling degree days are hardwired in, but it ought to be possible
to add things like that modularly. 

The Davis console could intercept new archive record events and add
rxcheckpercent and rain to software generated records.

Consider breaking the rule that reporting can only be done through the 
databases and, instead, offer up the last record when the reporting thread
starts.

Trend calculations should accept an old record that is not necessarily
exactly 3 hours old. It can fall in some band.

A QC "Spike" detector.

Harden up the MySQL database connection.

Allow reporting services to be fired off at something other than every
archive period. In particular, FTP.

possibly implement averaging rainRate calculation instead of the
current near-instantaneous implementation in fousb

New observation types would have their unit group attached as a suffix.
E.g., _energy.

Offer a more "weather friendly" Metric unit system.

Support the WU "RapidFire" protocol.

Offer "cumulative" as an aggregation type.

Allow rain-to-date to be added to a partial rainyear.

Current ET for the VP2 should show the value it emitted at the top of the hour.

Fix scaling for aggregate interval of a week, so it starts on a Sunday.

More dynamic access to the database. Check out
Werkzeug. http://werkzeug.pocoo.org

Dynamic web updates, using AJAX, or Meteor.

Port to Windows.

Allow variable y-axis labelling. Right now it's hardwired to every other major
tick mark.
